Good morning, family. I tried to
get a video out yesterday, and we had
it all recorded, but I didn't realize the
neighbor was working in the yard.
I could hear him, but I didn't
realize how much it picked up in the
background and messed up the video. It
sounded
like he was using his
blower to blow the leaves off from the
fall. I just told him,
'Let's just do it
over,'as
frustrating as it is after you've taken
an
hour of your time to do that.
But it
wasn't meant to be. What was cool was
when Diana and I were
praying outside in the yard,
there were two bald eagles flying over.
When we were praying for America and for
the United States, they were flying over
and circling. It
was
really touching
because it was just at that moment when
we started praying for President
Trump that those eagles came down,
landed in the trees, and
circled
us. It
was really a cool moment.
Billy Burke is coming to Tulsa,
Oklahoma, December 8th and 9th.
He's coming to Millennial Church.
A lot of people are always
asking me, 'Brandon, can you let us
know whenever you know of a meeting where you believe the glory is
going to show up?'This is one
that I believe has the
opportunity. I believe
the glory of God's going to show up
here on the
8th and 9th at Millennial
Church in Tulsa, Oklahoma. I would
encourage anyone, if he's in your area, to
pull up
his itinerary.
My son puts up new
meetings all the time.
Go and support Billy Burke. If you
get to
go
to the front and he prays for you and
asks
where you're from, just tell him
Brandon sent you from YouTube. He'll
probably get a kick out of that because
I've sent a lot of people to him
through this channel. I
believe in
him
and
the outpouring that
is coming—the
creative miracles and
manifestations of
power. This is a time like we've
never seen before. I believe we're
going to start to see a move of God in
America and around the world. Billy
Burke is a vessel the
Lord is using to bring forth
healings.
I'm excited for
his ministry because when I went
last time to
Eufaula,
Oklahoma,
the presence of the Lord was
radically
strong. It changed me
forever. I've been
a meeting junkie, going around trying to
find where
the Spirit of the Lord is moving, but
it was the strongest there.
I
encourage
you to come to Millennial Church.
It's not a big
church, so seating might
be
limited.
He
goes to Pittsburgh, Canada, Florida, and California a lot.
If
you have the
opportunity,
be there.
The second thing is that
Sister Billye Brim and
Rick Renner are going to do a
conference at
Glorious Church
Fellowship with Pastor Chip Brim. They're
going to do a meeting for a week
talking about end times, the
Rapture, and
the
Thousand-Year Reign,
backing
it up with
scripture.
Rick Renner is an expert in the
Greek, and Billye is an expert in prophecy
and
end-time
eschatology.
They've never done a
meeting
together teaching on end-time stuff.
It's going to be
in February
2025.
We're
excited to
hear the
end-time
teachings and get our
tanks
filled up for the new
year.
Start out with Billy Burke,
Billye
Brim, and
Rick
Renner.
I'm not sponsoring these; they
didn't ask me. I
just felt in my heart
to
share
these two
meetings.
I
want to
share
a
testimony. Remember Diana
prayed for people to
conceive?
In the last week, she's had
several emails from ladies
saying they were able to
get
pregnant this
month after believing
for a
long time.
I
give all
the glory to God.
One
had
been
trying
for
several years,
and the doctor said
it
wouldn't
happen,
but
the Lord blessed them.
We're believing
for
full-term,
healthy
babies.
Diana
read
'Supernatural
Childbirth,'and
we
took communion every day.
She
said,
'Brandon, I'm
going to have a supernatural childbirth
and
experience no pain.'I agreed
with her. We looked
at
the
scripture
about
how
the
Hebrew
women
had easy births compared to the Egyptians. We
latched onto that scripture.
At the
hospital,
the
doctors
didn't think
she was in labor because she wasn't
in agony.
They thought it
was
Braxton Hicks,
but
her
water had broken. Her contractions were high,
but she felt no pain.
They
tried
to
pressure
her
into
an
epidural,
but
she
refused.
I
saw
in the spirit
realm an angel touching her stomach and her back the
whole time.
But then doubt and fear entered the room from the doctors and visitors. When Diana started
doubting
because
of
the
environment,
I saw the
angel take his hand off and
disappear.
Jesus had to tell the unbelievers
to leave
the room
when he raised the
little girl.
We didn't do that,
and
it
robbed
the
blessing.
She went from feeling
nothing to
excruciating pain
instantly.
I
was
yelling
at the
wall,
'Where
did
the
angel
go?'Fear
tolerated is faith
contaminated.
Megan
was
delivered
healthy
with
perfect
Apgar
scores.
We're still
learning.
We're not
moved by what we see. We're
believing
Megan will fully talk and be
completely healed from autism.
God
wants
to show up and show off in your
life, just like He did with the blind
child, with blind Bartimaeus, and
the woman
with the
issue of blood.
Do you believe Jesus will
heal
you?
Blind Bartimaeus and
the woman with
the issue of
blood waited
years.
She
touched the hem of His
garment
and
was
made whole.
You've got to
say it and
receive it.
Jesus already did
the
work.
He
took
all sickness,
disease, poverty,
and
addictions.
Christ redeemed us from the
curse of
the
law.
Use your
authority. Speak to your
circumstances.
If you've
been diagnosed with
cancer
or diabetes, tell it to go in the name of Jesus. You have authority in
all three realms: Heaven, Earth, and Hell.
We're going to take communion.
This is
the meal that heals. Don't just believe
for
tomorrow;
believe
for
today.
Why not now?
I
pray
for
healing
diabetes,
heart disease,
blood pressure,
and
dementia.
I pray for the children with
special needs—autism,
Cerebral Palsy,
Down syndrome, and
apraxia
of speech.
I speak over lungs,
for
emphysema
and
COPD to be
gone. I call for brand-new kidneys,
bladders, and healing
from
leukemia.
I pray over all of the people that
are wanting babies. I
thank you
that
those mothers will be able to conceive
their babies in the name of Jesus
supernaturally.
I
speak
against
menopausal
symptoms
and
hot flashes.
I
see
the fire of the Holy Spirit moving on
you right now, healing cancer. I see
eyes
being healed of cataracts and detached
retinas. I see ears
being
healed.
We
pray
for Elon Musk to
be
born again and
for President
Trump to be on fire
for Jesus.
We pray for
the United States,
for
a
Great Awakening and a wakeup call,
but
not
a
crash
like
the
1930s.
Subscribe to our channel
and
like
the video.
I love this Nancy
Dufresne
sweatshirt.
Put a smile on your face and a song
in your heart. Jesus loves you,
and
the
eagles
were
cool,
weren't they?
God bless you all.